[Music]
ten females to each male fluids the
doomsday machine
[Music]
where's my shorts where's it bathroom on
the hotline dr. Strangelove or how I
learned to stop worrying
[Music]
I couldn't tell you this Mandrake but
you're a good officer and you have a
right to know it looks like we're in a
shooting war hell
other Russians above's well boys I
reckon this is it
nuclear combat toe-to-toe with a
Rooskies and I'd like to look at this
friend all right tell you what you
better do old buddy I was under the
impression that I was the only one in
authority to order the use of nuclear
weapons that's right sir
you are the only person authorized to do
so and although I hate to judge before
all the facts are in it's beginning to
look like general rubber exceeded his
authority I first became aware of it
Mandrake during the physical act of love
[Music]
as that plane really got a chance of
getting through well sure but if the
pilots good see I mean I mean if he's
really sharp he can bare Strangelove or
how I learned to stop worrying
[Music]